Glossary
=====================
This is a list of jargon that is used inside of the GlobaLeaks software. Here we define it in a way to be unambiguous and uniform across all of their references.

.. glossary::
   GlobaLeaks
	Our project, a FLOSS, security focused and flexible whistleblowing platform.

   GLAPI
	REST interface defined for the communication with a GlobaLeaks Node.

   Node (or GlobaLeaks Node)
	A system running the backend software

   NodeAdmin
	The user that has setup and is maintaining the GlobaLeaks Node.

   Whistleblower
	A user that is reporting to the GlobaLeaks Node by uploading material and filling out the submission form.

   Submission
	A submission is a set of submitted fields and some files. From the submission interface it is possible for a Whistleblower to upload a new file and interact with recipients via a commenting system.

   Submission Fields
	Fields the Whistleblower should fill out to complete a submission to a GlobaLeaks Node. Information contained within the submission form will be enclosed into a submission.

   Context
	A topic covered by a GlobaLeaks node (ex. Corruption). A GlobaLeaks node may have more than one context. Depending on the selected context the Whistleblower will be presented with a series of different submission fields.

   Recipient
	This is the recipient of an anonymous submission submitted by the whistleblower.

   Receipt
	An access token that allows the Whistleblower to be authenticated to the secret (it effectively acts as a password) generated by GlobaLeaks node and returned to the whistleblower when a submission has been completed. It enables the whistleblower to modify and update the submission eventually uploading new files, adding comments to the submission, and reading the recipients comments about the submitted material.

   Submission
	The action performed by the whistleblower to send a submission to the GlobaLeaks node. This action is performed by the whisleblower in respect to the context requirement.

   Notification
	Method used to notify a recipient that a new submission or an update of an existing submission is available. At the moment email is the only notification supported, and an admin can configure a template system the email content.

